Holi is the most popular festival of colours of northern India that has prominently spread out all across the country and in other Asian continental as well. However Holi is well known all across the world and tourist from abroad plans festival tours to enjoy the beauty of colours, dance as well, but along with the game of colours, Holi has Hindu mythological aspects too that gears up its followers to follow the tradition and celebrate the occasion in spring season every year. 
It is undoubtedly cleared that in the season of spring, the entire country get into the colours of Holi and every metro to small town of India celebrate this festival in their own ways, but the Holi of Mathura zone is virtuous that excite and invite folks from the word to become the eye witness of traditional game of Holi played by symbolic Lord Krishna and Gopis. However Brij ki Holi is quite popular and evenly resemble the tradition hence it starts at least one month prior to the actual date of festival, and golden triangle tour plans customised by tour operator in India helps a group of visitors or tourists to organise their Holi festival tour in India.
There is no hitch to say that the real India resides in Villages and small towns as well and Barsana – the birth place of Radha Rani, and Gokuldham –  where Lord Krishna spent his childhood and performed several acts, are small two small towns near to Mathura- the Birth Place of Shri Krishna. Festival of colours begins first in Barsana than Gokul and ends us in Mathura. During the season of this festival you will see various forms and art of playing Holi such as dry Holi of Gulal, watery Holi of colours, and Holi of flowers and the most exciting Latth Maar Holi. There are groups of Holi players in these cities who play the game of colours with traditional folk songs and dances, and countless people from other city and outside India come to watch this act and desirous participate in that too.
 It can surely come into mind that- is it chargeable than the reply is no. Holi is the festival of diminish the dispute and meet irrespective to the cast, religion and class as well. It not only has zero fees to watch but also have the same charges to participate in that. Since Holi is one month long festivals in India and countless people all across the world come to visit on this occasion, hence Travel agencies in India take the charge to customise and manage the tour plans for domestic and international tourist as well. A tour operator in India helps them to provide hassle free customised tour plan, hotel booking and rental transportation as well. 
Though the country respects it guest and treats them as God, but still it is new for others and so is the festival of colours, hence it is advisable to find a trustworthy travel agency in India for your spring festival tour plan and assign it the task to customise affordable tour plan in budget. 


   
